Update speaking-at-a-meetup.md (#5919)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/community/resources/speaking-at-a-meetup.md

## Pair it with a blog post

> The hardest part of nailing a great talk is the content, so if you’ve made it this far, you’ve already done most of the work. Turning your content into a blog post is a great way to solidify your thinking, and get some extra exposure. If you’d like to be featured on the [dbt Blog](https://blog.getdbt.com/), reach out to us on Slack.

Author: ```suggestion
The hardest part of nailing a great talk is the content, so if you’ve made it this far, you’ve already done most of the work. Turning your content into a blog post is a great way to solidify your thinking, and get some extra exposure. If you’d like to be featured on the [dbt Blog](https://blog.getdbt.com/), please email us at [community@dbtlabs.com](mailto:community@dbtlabs.com).
```

### Responding to a conference Call for Speakers

> If you’re submitting a response for a Call for Speakers, and talking about dbt, we’re happy to work with you on this. Reach out to us in Slack to let us know!

Author: ```suggestion
If you’re submitting a response for a Call for Speakers, and talking about dbt, we’re happy to work with you on this. You can email us at [community@dbtlabs.com](mailto:community@dbtlabs.com) for more information.
```

> If you’re submitting a response for a Call for Speakers, and talking about dbt, we’re happy to work with you on this. You can email us at [community@dbtlabs.com](mailto:community@dbtlabs.com) for more information.

Reviewer: sugg: may (vs can) to express permission (vs ability) 

```suggestion
If you’re submitting a response for a Call for Speakers, and talking about dbt, we’re happy to work with you on this. You may email us at [community@dbtlabs.com](mailto:community@dbtlabs.com) for more information.
```
